V9: Update install docs for VS Code (#3477)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Fundamentals/Setup/Install/index-v9.md

---
versionFrom: 9.0.0
verified-against: rc-003
state: complete
updated-links: true
meta.Title: "Installing Umbraco"
meta.Description: "Instructions on installing Umbraco on various platforms using various tools."
---

# Installation

The easiest way to get the latest version of Umbraco up and running is with the CLI.

> 1. Open your commandline
> 2. Install the Umbraco templates with `dotnet new -i Umbraco.Templates::*`
> 3. Enter the project folder, it will be the folder containing the `.csproj` file
> 4. Run and build your project using `dotnet run`
> 5. The console will output a message similar to: `[10:57:39 INF] Now listening on: https://localhost:44388`
> 6. Open your browser and navigate to that url
> 7. Follow instructions on installer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open your command line
2. Install the Umbraco templates with `dotnet new -i Umbraco.Templates::*`
3. Enter the project folder, it will be the folder containing the `.csproj` file
4. Run and build your project using `dotnet run`
5. The console will output a message similar to: `[10:57:39 INF] Now listening on: https://localhost:44388`
6. Open your browser and navigate to that url
7. Follow instructions on the installer
```
